~ Project Overview

This project is a personal portfolio webpage styled with a custom CSS file (style.css).
The design emphasizes:

A multi‑color animated gradient background for a dynamic, modern look.

Glassmorphism cards to highlight sections elegantly.

Responsive design that adapts to mobile, tablet, and desktop screens.

Classic Times New Roman font for a formal, professional feel.

~ Objectives:

Showcase technical and creative CSS skills.

Build a recruiter‑friendly portfolio that demonstrates projects, skills, and certificates.

Ensure accessibility and readability while maintaining visual appeal.

~ Setup and Installation Instructions

Clone or download the project folder:

bash
git clone <your-repo-link>

Ensure the following files are present:

index.html → webpage structure

style.css → styling and animations


Link the CSS file in the HTML <head>:

html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css">
Open index.html in any modern browser (Chrome, Edge, Firefox).

No external dependencies are required - the project runs with pure HTML & CSS.

3. Code Structure Explanation
Code
project-folder/
│
├── index.html        # Contains webpage structure (header, sections, footer)
├── style.css         # Contains gradient styling, animations, responsiveness


index.html

Header: Title, profile image, navigation bar.

Main: Sections for About, Skills, Projects, Certificates, Contact, Resume.

Footer: Copyright.


style.css

Root variables for gradients and card styling.

Animated background using @keyframes gradientBG.

Glassmorphism effects with backdrop-filter.

Hover animations for links, buttons, and list items.

Responsive design with media queries.


~ Explanation of How Technical Requirements Were Met
Multi‑Gradient Background: Implemented using linear-gradient and @keyframes gradientBG for smooth transitions.

Glassmorphism Cards: Achieved with rgba transparency and backdrop-filter: blur(10px) for semi‑transparent sections.

Hover Effects: Navigation links, skills list, and buttons scale and change color on hover.

Responsive Design: Media queries adjust font sizes, section widths, and navigation layout for smaller screens.

Custom Font: Used Times New Roman for a formal, professional style without external imports.